today I'm going to be singing a song
that was requested as you can see up
here write to me if you want me to sing
any songs if you have any ideas for me
any comments any negative comments or
positive comments I'm sure this song
will inspire you to keep up with your
new year's resolution I'm so sorry I
haven't made a video in a long time but
this year I promise that I will make it
up to you and ah I love this song
you
skies are crying I am watching catching
teardrops in my hands the silence as its
ending like we never had chance do you
have to make me feel like there's
nothing left to me you can take
everything the hell you can break
everything I am like a made of glass
like a made of paper go on and try to
tear me down I will be rising from the
ground like a skyscraper like a
skyscraper
the smoke clears I awaken and untangle
you from me would it make you feel
better to watch me while I bleed all my
windows still a broken
I'm standing on my feet you can take
everything
you can break everything
like a made of glass
like a made of paper go on and try to
tear me down I will be rising from the
ground like a skyscraper like a
skyscraper
I'm gonna stare out here watch you
disappear
oh yeah run run run yeah it's a long way
down
but I am closer to the clouds appear
you can take down you can break
everything I am like a made of glass
like tomatoes paper
like a scary
like a skyscraper like a skyscraper
thanks guys for watching feel free to
comment please subscribe to my channel
if you like my videos if you want to see
more make sure to check out my other
videos up here follow me on facebook and
twitter where you can leave me some
requests or any comments thank you like
my video if you liked it cuz it's the
like button bye